Exclude generated files (#10603)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: docs/contributing/running-tests.md

USE_LINUX_CONTAINERS=1 ./gradlew :smoke-tests:test -PsmokeTestSuite=payara
```

> If you want to run a specific test from a specific suite:

Reviewer: I think gradle terminology does not refer to this as `suite` https://blog.gradle.org/introducing-test-suites

> If you want to run a specific test from a specific suite:

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to run a specific smoke test:
```
